# TRA's : Analysis of Road Traffic Accident in Metro Manila
## Introduction
In large cities with numerous modes of transportation, accidents are common, and roadways are becoming increasingly narrow and congested. Accidents like these cause both human and material loss. Drivers' carelessness, as well as their ignorance and disdain for traffic rules, are to blame. The variables that impact the severity of traffic collisions The severity of road traffic accidents is influenced by several factors, including driver age, driving time, driving day, and province. Accidents have grown far too common in recent years. As the number of people who own cars in Metro Manila grows, so does the incidence of traffic incidents. In addition, people are becoming more careless at this time. Only a small portion of the population adheres to traffic laws. Various kinds of transportation are available, especially in large urban areas. Furthermore, streets are narrowing and urban areas are becoming more densely populated. Furthermore, the most serious traffic incidents involve huge vehicles such as trucks and buses. To lower the number and severity of accidents, the government should improve traffic legislation. Because driving speed has been linked to accident severity, the government should consider enforcing speed restrictions, particularly late at night when traffic is light. It should act as a wake-up call to the government to build and strengthen safe driving infrastructure. The increasing number of cars on the road and, as a result, the increasing frequency of RTAs necessitates the implementation of traffic safety measures. The fast rising economy has aided the development of further RTAs as the usage of automobiles for transportation has increased (Johansson et al., 2014). Late-night driving, according to other studies, has a fairly consistent traffic flow. Drivers frequently speed up to take advantage of the steady flow of traffic. As a result, late-night occurrences are more likely to result in death. As a result, to reduce RTAs, additional traffic enforcement and traffic education measures are required. The purpose of this study is to look into the level of injuries suffered by victims of car accidents in Metro Manila. In addition, by identifying critical gaps and opportunities, this study intends to raise awareness in the region and push the government to take action to improve road safety.
## Problem Statement
Road traffic accidents are a big problem nowadays. Drivers paying less attention to various site routing signage on the road, as well as a lack of awareness of road traffic accidents, which causes harm to life and other vehicle properties. The state of Metro Manila's roadways has deteriorated significantly in recent years due to a variety of factors. Increased vehicle numbers, as well as a lack of sufficient road safety, are all contributing factors. In addition, interventions and a lack of enforcement legislation are only a few instances. Overspeeding kills or injures a high number of persons on the road when drivers disregard the speed limit and drive too fast. Some drivers use their cellphones while driving, diverting their focus away from the road. 
## Significance of the Proposed Project
This reserach will specifically benefit the following:

Driver – This will assist drivers in avoiding a car accident, as well as saving them the stress and expense of a traffic ticket for a traffic infraction.
Government — By identifying critical gaps and possibilities, this will assist the government in taking action to improve road safety.
Future Researchers — This study will be utilized as a reference for road traffic accident researchers. This will be used as a guide to help construct the research in terms of the variables considered.
## Methods
The application of the analytic hierarchy process approach (AHP) was developed to examine the importance of individual factors impacting road safety. It is a multi-criteria method that allows us to do a hierarchical study of the decision-making process using expert opinions. We were able to evaluate and rank the factors that affect road safety using the AHP approach. This study will also employ an analytical approach, which will necessitate the ability to think critically as well as the evaluation of facts and information relevant to the study at hand, as well as assisting the researcher in determining the individual's level of adherence to and comprehension of traffic regulations. Tortum and Atalay (2015) used a factor analysis to find variables that had a statistically significant link with the number of traffic accidents in order to get their conclusions. According to the analysis, the data was gathered for accident purposes and would be used as a future viewpoint. Important and useful information was gathered from police and various other transportation departments for the examination of accident-related data.
## Expected Output
Each country must play a significant role in identifying road safety issues, with the power and duty to make decisions, manage resources, and collaborate across all government sectors, especially health, transportation, education, and law enforcement. This research intends to provide a comprehensive and strategic road safety action plan to reduce road traffic accidents in Metro Manila, as early detection of threats can assist lower the risk.

